#Introduction

Sea is a world of moving islands and endless sea. Almost all of its surface area is composed of water (hence its name). The islands on this planet are not like other islands. You see, the islands of sea actually swim on the surface of Sea’s sea. Not only that, Sea is the home of the floating forests. These amazing trees grow in thick clusters, holding on to each other by entangling their roots as they dangle them in the water and glide beside the massive rocks that make up the swimming islands. Sea is indeed a wondrous world of moving islands.

**Beings who inhabit Sea are:** Mermaids, Kumulu, Nagaes, some Dwarves, Pixies and Harpies.

##Description
###The Moving Islands

As I said before, the planet Sea is a world of moving islands. Considering the fact that this is probably one of its most distinguishing features, I feel that it needs to be thoroughly confabulated upon.

There are at least three different types of moving islands out there: subsurface islands, surface islands and flying islands. Floating cliffs are in a category all their own so we’ll go into them later.

Subsurface islands are islands that, lo and behold, swim around below the surface of the water. Large schools of fish and aquatic life fallow these islands as they travel around the Sea in there respective orbits below the surface of its waters.

Of corse subsurface islands travel at different depths:
I don’t have much to say about deep sea islands, except that they’re huge, have an interesting ecosystem with giant deep sea creatures - as well as other deep sea life - living in the caves of these massive rocks or converge around them.

Shallow subsurface islands support the largest, or more divers, amounts of life. Trees have been known to grow on these islands, housing a large diversity of fish and algae in the shelter of their roots.

Surface floating islands either support a large quantity of life on its land, or are nothing but barren hunks of rock. Think of surface floating islands like icebergs. A little bit sticks up above the surface but most of its mass is under the water. Fishing villages often tether themselves to these islands and rase livestock for wool, milk, eggs and what-ever. Actually, even if a surface island is nothing but rock, it still supports a great deal of life. Fish, algae, kelp, aquatic plants and specialized trees grow and live in the shallows of the submerged portions of the islands.

Now we come to the flying islands. Don’t get so excited - their just hunks of floating rock. The flying islands are really to small to support much diversity of life, mainly serving as nesting grounds for birds. The only plants these rocks can support well are dessert like herbs, shrubs and a million different species of epiphytes. Epiphytes have been known to completely cover a rock making it look more like a large, floating green sphere.

 The largest flying islands, spanning up to around 1,500 square ft, float just above the water dragging their tails in it. There is debate wether or not these islands are true flying islands, sense their bottom tip is submerged in water, yet so much of their mass is floating above it. Let’s just think of them as “in between” floating islands for right now. Other, somewhat smaller flying islands float just above the surface of the water among the “tail dragging” islands.

High flying islands are the most scarce and tend to be much smaller then the low flying islands. The largest, and rarest, of these islands can be up to around 100 square ft; give or take. They group together into sheets or small clusters

 The smallest islands float up at the top of the troposphere, forming and islet-belt called the Low Huriam Way. An islet-belt is a ring that incircles the planet within its atmosphere. Interestingly enough, Huriam’s Way parallels Huriam’s Rings, the actual rings of the planet. - Which brings me to an interesting point...


###The Fixedity of the Islands
If you recall, when I first opened the topic of moving islands, I mentioned something about the islands and cliffs floating around in their respective orbits. Well in this section I’m going to elaborate on that.

>orbitMap>
Yellow - Low Huriam Way
Light-Blue
Green
Light-Green - surface islands
Violet - subsurface islands
Orange
Red
(I’m just going to have to experiment with this)


Floating cliffs are normally fixed. <-(Note: need to fit this in somewhere)

##The Rings
You might be wondering why Sea’s rings are called Huriam’s Rings instead of just “Sea’s Rings” and numbered respectively like other planets. Well, Huriam’s Rings are named after the Kilgek god Huriam. In fact, each ringlet (at least the main ringlets), and the minny moon that shepherds it, is named after one of Huriam’s children. Seas moon, Eah, is named after Huiam’s only daughter. She shepherds the innermost ringlet.
Sea’s rings are composed of pure water ice, dust and chunks of debris. The Huriam’s Rings aren’t the most brilliant of the ringed planets, but they are still quite beautiful. Other ringed planets besides Sea are Effulgence, Flame and Night.


##Geographic Regions

Sea is a beautifully complex planet of moving islands - but that’s not all. If it was, well, this discussion would have just ended right here and we would have moved right along to its ecosystems. Luckily, there is much more to Sea then just that. It also contains a few fixed land systems:

>map>

You could say that Sea’s fixed land systems are comprised into three major systems: The Covellian Cordillera, a small mountain range in the Northern hemisphere, the Tara Sierra, which rises from the sea at the equator and climbs to meet the Ta’ara Pinnacle in the Southern hemisphere. (Yah, I know, that’s like just two mountain chains. We’ll go over that in just a moment.)


###The Covellian Cordillera
In the Northern hemisphere is the Covellian Cordillera. It is a somewhat small mountain range, made famous by its many floating cliffs and surrounding taigas. The water on this side of Sea is a bit shallower then in the Southern hemisphere.
etc...

###The Tara Sierra Mountain Chain

###The Ta’ara Pinnacle

###Tytara’s Trench

