##In the universe of Sphiron, Sphiron made 8 planets:
*Bile, planet of shadows.
*Earth, the passive watcher.
*Effulgence, the double spinning planet of light. This planet has rings.
*Flame (also known as Chaos), home of the cursed. This planet has rings.
*Night, world of twilight. This planet has rings.
*Sea, planet of moving islands. This planet has rings.
*Sky, world of floating cliffs.
*Spark, world of machines. This is the only planet with no floating islands or magic.

##Inhabitance
*Bile - Giants, Goblinkind, and the old dwarves (original home of the dwarves).
*Earth - Shades, Ent, Toru and Dwarves.
*Effulgence - Fay-kind, Ent, Elves, Drow and Dwarves.
*Flame (also known as Chaos) - the dead, Oni and Esper.
*Night - Moon Elves, Drow, Nagaes, Goblins, a luminous fairy, and Dwarves.
*Sea - Mermaids, Kumulu, Nagaes, some Dwarves, Pixies and Harpies.
*Sky - Faun, Naga, Centaur, Fay-Kind, the little people, Ent and Dwarves.
*Spark - Man, Giants, Pixies and Dwarves.

In the beginning, the people of these planets could travel between all of the physical worlds and heaven freely; But after the betrayal, Spheron cut off the way to heaven. As time passed, the people started worshiping the things the Creator had created, ie. the demons, themselves, other animals and things like trees and stuff. This wicked and ungrateful act (along with all the other wicked things they were doing) grieved the Beginner swore to destroy them by alowing the 8 great demons that the people had been worshiping (these spirits are now called the Apocalypse'). But, because of the promise He gave to His people to chainge them back, He saved a few faithful families on each planet. As time went on the people started. The path ways between the planets were then cut off at this point, causing the divide and isolating the people. After the apocalypse, Abicon promised the people He wouldn’t destroy the worlds by the Apocalypses ever again.
