#The Beginning
In the beginning, when there were no beginnings, there was nothing - but yet, there was something. And this something was everything - yet nothing, because He was not made of anything but it was He who had made everything.

In the beginning, there was nothing, and a great silence filled the void; And He gazed out into that nothingness. Then, as He looked upon the void, He spoke, and the silence was filled with the glory of His words.

So then, when a word heard its name, he marveled and looked up; And as he looked up he saw all the glorious words sparkling and shimmering all around him.
 "It's beautiful!" he exclaimed, but the Beginner had not finished yet (for the physical universe had not yet been created).

The words He called spirits, and they filled the void with His beauty. And they sang songs of His glory and praised Him; because He created them and had given them purpose.

Then He stood up to speak, and they all fell silent in anticipation.
“Let there be consistency and order in all the universe - for all creation is bound and upheld by my laws- that it may thrive in the order which I bring,”
Thus, ray was born, keeper of consistency, holder of time (for there was no need for time beforehand). And it exclusively belonged to the Beginner. No creature can lay came to such power, for it is apart of who He is.

Next He filled the universe with Bo (gravity), the energy force witch holds the universe and in witch everything physical flows.

And created Ki (water), the jewel of the universe.

And then He filled the universe with qui; the energy of life.

Thus the four foundations of the universe were laid: time, energy, matter, life. And He began to speak manny other glorious words into the universe.


Now, this is the account of the times before the great betrayal, the rebellion against the Most High.
 When the Beginner had made the spirits and filled the void, he had created four great spirits to be leaders among them. He made Demuth, the worshiper, musician, poet and artist, who’s medium is in light, and who filled His halls with glorious music praising His name; Morduth, the warrior; Keaduth, the historian and book keeper; and Shimuth, the messenger - but Demuth was made more beautiful then them all.

>

Angrily the foolish spirit [Demuth] looked up at Abacon and shouted, "This is the beginning of your end!" But how can something with no beginning end? Can something that began understand the ways of him who always was? How can one say to him who began him "I will rule over You!" or “You have no authority over me!”? He does not know his own frame, and has forgotten what is his name.

For the one who spoke him into existence, can just as easily speak him out of it.


Then Abacon made the physical beings and said to them, “” So they worshiped the First because he created them masterfully and gave them life and a purpose.

And the spirits saw it and marveled because the creatures Abacon had created had bodies like the animals yet were spirits like them. But when Demuth saw it, it filled him with hatred, and he sneered at the people Abacon had created. “How can something created so weak and ugly be more glorious then I am?” he thought. So he watched them closely.

///
Of the creation, it can be summarized as this: In the beginning, before there was anything physical, there was an all powerful, all knowing, beautiful, holy benevolent and just, loving being. His name is Sphiron, Abacon, Abicon. And Abacon created the universe.

First He created the spirits. He created Morduth, the warrior, before there was anything to fight; Keaduth, the historian, before there was time and anything to record; and Shimuth, the messenger, before there were a fallen people to send messages to.

After the spirits, He first declared His sovereignty and right to rule the universe He created and made the laws of nature; created gravity to fill all space, made water and scattered it throughout the universe like jewels, mixed it all with life, and then gave it a spin. He then separated the physical world from the spiritual one.

He filled the universe with light before there were any stars, sun or moon, from it to shine from; separated night and day and then set a time for them to run in. He drew a circle in the waters and separated it from the waters of the waters. Afterwords He blew a wind over the planet, before there were plants to make oxygen, formed dry land and then divided the one circle  into 8. Then He made the stars, suns and moons, for His own glory.

Afterwords He created the kingdom His people were to rule over. Made Madi-el and Shi-el after His own image, and instructed them to worship Him, imitate Him, and to rule over and take care of His creation; that is, the worlds He made for them to have dominion over.
