**Name:** Shade

**Geographic Region:** the planet Earth

**Age Range:** approximately 80 - 120y

**Age of Maturity:** around 18y

**Diet:** Carnivore

##Appearance:
+ Head 
    + Shape of Head - humanoid
	+ Hair Color - black (dominant), crimson, orang (recessive), and white (recessive)
	+ Hair Type - frizzy/bushy (dominant), straight, curly
	+ Ears - have a slight point

+ Face
	+ Eye Shape - snake eyes (you know, like a cat)
	+ Eye Color Range - crimson (dominant), violet, orang, yellow, black, silver (recessive)
	+ Teeth - sharp and pointy

+ Body
	+ Body Shape - humanoid
	+ Skin Color - black-brown to white-brown.
	+ Skin Markings - none (dominant), freckles (recessive).

##Strengths:
(bulleted form)

##Weaknesses:
+ tend to be weak to magical influences.

##Skills:
+ speech-craft 
+ the manipulation of people
+ sensing what other people are feeling/thinking
+ charming and enchanting objects


##Powers:
+ can sense magical disturbances/differences in magic (all)
+ Ebah-Shar (the ability to see magic, somewhat common)
+ Tahbah-Eb (the stare of fear, paralyzes onlooker w/ eye contact, not very common)
+ Sphahtahbah-Eb (the stare of controlling, hypnoses, somewhat rare)
+ Ebor-Rah (can see spirits, rare)
+ Ebah-Eb (seer, on looking in the eyes can see everything about that person, rare)
+ The ability to see the future in dreams, very rare.

##Behavior:
(describe behavior)


##Other:
Called 'the snake people' because of their cleverness and perceived craftiness.
Enchanted, charmed, and mystical weapons are their weapon of choice, especially shade blades (or shar-blades, the snake blade).

I'm not going to go into all the detail about the different races. This is just a general list.

+ The Arab inspired speaking shades have black hair and red eyes.
+ The Viking inspired shades have red or white hair and maroon, red, or violet/red eyes.
+ The Eskimo inspired shades have white hair and gold or orang eyes.
+ The Peruvian and Mayan inspired shades have black hair and violet or black eyes.
+ The Chines inspired shades have black, strait hair and red or black eyes.
+ The American inspired shades have black hair and red eyes.
+ The the Russian inspired shades have white hair and light yellow or orang eyes.
