##Prologue
Ahmzie is a man that got cursed by a witch named Quake who turned him into a white dragon. He is starving and tries to catch a little doe on his way back to Quake from an important mission.

He misses on his first try and crashes through a bunch of tree branches as he pules up. He decides to forget it. It is getting late and he doesn't wont to make Quake mad.

The lake he has to fly over to get to the mountain is long and he is exhausted.

Could wind nips at his nose as he flies through the frigid air.

##CHAPTER 1.
When Ahmzie made it to the mountain he was so tired that he just flew strait to the secret entrance without circling around. Ahmzie thinks he saw some thing as he flew in, but is to tired to care.

Some Dwairman troops (the Dwairy people are the good guys) saw him go in 'the back way' as they were scouting around the mountain side. They were going to attack on a different side but now they found a better way.
Landing in a cave like room a bunch of stabile hands come up and unsaddle him.

The Dwairman troops lonched a surprise attack on Quakes fortress then.

During the battle Ahmzie managed to escape but he acidently rescues a Dwairman solder in the process.

###Other
It's pretty funny because the kid thinks Ahmzie is just a regular dragon, so he tries to ride him and steer him like you would a normal dragon but of corse Ahmzie isn't a normal dragon and won't listen to him. As they travel Ahmzie is constantly having to rescue the little solder, from quicksand, monsters, dire wolves, from being stuck in a tree, etc...

In the beginning Ahmzie is pretty selfish but as the story goes on he learns honor, respect, and how to care for some one else besides himself. 

When the kid (lets call him Jocob), When Jocob finely makes it back to his camp with Ahmzie, Ahmzie finds out that he is actually a ranger. In a matter of fact he is the apprentice of a ranger. Jocob had gotten separated from his master during the battle at the mountain.
