#Introduction

Bile is a silent, barren waste land. It was once a beautiful, mountainous planet before one of the Apocalypses, Smog, destroyed it.
The Giants, Goblinkind, and the old dwarves inhabited Bile after the separation. The goblins kept Toru as slaves.

##Description

Bile is a mountainous planet consisting of one large continent and a crescent mountain range off its East cost which just reaches into the Southern hemisphere. On the northern most West side of the continent is a large flatland that makes up part of its north pole. Before Smog, the flat land was covered by Bile’s ocean. Along the Eastern cost are a bunch of mysterious, massive rocks sticking strait out of the (the dried up portion of the sea) ground. The rocks contain a great quantity of dark magicite and so are thought to have beed floating cliffs at one time before Bile’s Apocalyp. Something that had todo with what Smog did to Bile caused magic to drain from the planet grounding the floating cliffs.

Bile’s atmosphere is poisonous and extremely hot. Heavy, yellow clouds of sulfuric acid shroud the planets sky, giving it the darkest nights and illuminating it with a sickly yellowish, twilight like light during the day. If you could walk to the northern part of the planet’s flatland you can look up and actually see the north poler vortex in the clouds.

On its surface hot vents steam up from the cracked earth leaving a noxious smell in the air (if you could breath). In some places the earth has opened up revealing the remains of deep underground cities. In the flat lands half buried cities gaze out on the remains of a once beautiful planet. The blank eyes of ancient, rusted macha peek out from the sand at the ruins while crumbling statues with uplifted arms perpetually give praise to their dead creators.

The oceans are mostly drying up and are now deluded with sulfuric acid. Nothing lives on Bile. Nothing at all.


##Geographic Regions

>map>
