#Main character

**Name:** Merari Kir Barbaal / Ahmzie Rakkakooni Barbaal
**Age:** 20-30,
**Gender:** male, 
**Race:** three fourths shade
**berth sign:** the dragon.

##In the Beginning
How Smart: bright but acts dumb,
Uses words which are: familiar but short and strange when angered,
Uses slang and speaks quickly,
Is a smart aleck,
Does not like to talk.

##Towards the End
**How Smart:** bright but does not know it,
**Uses words which are:** familiar but when angered long and strange,
Speaks formally and quickly,
Is respectful of others, can be a smart aleck to his brothers,
Likes to talk.


##Description:
Steven has short, white messy hair and golden burning eyes.

##Bio:
His mother was a human but his father is a shade. He has the ability to dream of other events going on in the world and in the future. He can also see spirits.

In the beginning if you didn't know better you would think Steven was the son of some king. He is a laid back, lazy young man who thinks he's 'all that' and likes to just go with the flow, but, oh man, get him mad and he has a temper to match his father, Baal Kir's furry.

Steven is a bastard and Baal could care less for him (or any one) as a person. To Baal a person's worth is only as high as how useful or powerful that person is. Baal Kir never really loved Steven. To him he's always juts been the son of some lady he had found and 'had some fun' with a long time ago. The only interest he'd ever had in Steven was his ability to dream.
Steven was on his way to becoming a necromancer.

In the end, he aides the Dwary people and gets adopted by Kadesh.
If Quake had never cursed Steven, turning him into a dragon, he probably would have never become the first paladin.

On his journey he learns love, loyalty, and selflessness.
