#The events lerding up to the birth of Homne

This story takes place on Effulgence. The main character is a girl named Chiilgi (Chee-EElg-ee) Hamne (Hahm-nay) Kezaigi (Kez-ah-ee-gee). She is a changeling; part fairy - part elf.

Long ago, there was a fairy from the world of Night who tried to cheat death. He prolonged his life by stealing and inhabiting the bodies of others, using an ancient, forbidden technique. Soon, with the experience and knowledge he gained from every life he lived, he became so cunning that all of Night was threatened by his presence. But then, one day, he just disappeared. Something had scared him away. Using a long forgotten, ancient device he escaped Night and entered the world of Effulgence. Once in Effulgence, the seek wasted no time in going in search for another worthy vessel. He possessed the bodies of snakes, animals and a few unworthy elves and fairies as he looked for the perfect body; gathering a small group of followers along the way. One day, as he was out slithering in search of food for his snake body, he came across a little boy crying in the woods. Towns people didn’t normally wander into the forest for fear of him. Curious the snake asked the boy who he was. The boy told him that he was Hethori and had run away from home. Hethori was the son of a powerful and rich lord who owned all the land in that area. Seeing an opportunity, the seek leaped forward and wrapped his scaly body around the boy’s arm. Entering the boy, the seek ripped Hethori’s own spirit out, sending him to the afterlife and stealing the boy’s body. Then he walked back to Hethori’s home to live among his family while his old snake body slithered away under the leaves. Now, this seeks real name has been lost through time. Instead we remember him as Hethori. Poor Hethori.

As Lord Hethori grew, so did his cunning. And very soon he was a young man.

As you have probably guessed, Hethori was becoming very influential. Being a beautiful and charming boy had its advantages. So when Hethori’s father became ill, and continued being ill over an extended period of time, no one felt uncomfortable naming Hethori his successor after the great lord had died (after all, it was his right). So everyone was reasonably happy - except one. Hiro Gailago Kezaigi, Hethori’s second cousin from his mothers side. You see, Gailago was becoming increasingly alarmed with Hethori’s behavior. They had grown up together, Gailago only being ten years older, and so knew each other quite well. But something was wrong with how Lord Hethori was. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it. But how could some one so young seem so “experienced” and decisive concerning governmental affairs? Be that as it may, Gailago decided not to think to hard on it. He was going to knight school soon and shouldn’t worry about such things anyway. But even Gailago wasn’t the only one who felt nervous around Hethori. You might 

Now let’s take a short step back from the main story a bit shell we? At the time, all the fairy slaves Hethori had brought with him when he had fled Night, were propagating in the forest. Since the day Hethori came to Effulgence, they had evaded him and roamed free. This angered him greatly. So with the influence he had gained, and with his cunning charisma, he convinced the people that the fairies couldn’t really be considered as people. That they were really nothing more but pretty little animals and, having a few captive himself, convinced the ladies that they would make cute little pets and absolutely adorable servants. So, with that excuse, the fairies started being hunted, captured, and sold as fashion accessories.

You might be thinking that this information is unimportant, boring and wish for me to get on with it. But, as you will see, this single act in history changed everything, as well as set the sad stage for our heroine, Hamne. Poor Hamne, always alone and stuck between two worlds. Oh, but we are getting ahead of ourselves. Let us continue forward with the past...

Back to where we were. If you remember, before the boy Hethori got possessed by our seek, our seek had had a small group of followers. Cowards who feared death and greedy men in search for the power of prolonged life. Over the years Lord Hethori, had cultivated this group. And as you can probably guess, this group started getting a bit rowdy. With his position, Hethori slowly started passing laws that made it more difficult for the peacekeepers and knights to beat down this threat.
