
Light filtered down from the old luminose stones gloomily filling the hollowed cavern. Hamne stood lightheadedly staring up at the stairs. The steps looked like they had been carved strait out of the stone - and there were way to many of them then she would have liked.  At the top of the steps loomed a massive stone door.  A huge double tribrach pictograph was carved into its ruff face. Her leg felt like led. Interestingly the steps had intricate designs carved onto each step surface.

>

<This is after her fit with Hethori, and she’s standing there panting>

Gamge-> “Hamne, how would you like to become one of the Vyfbroeru?”

“What the #### are you saying.” The out burst echoed drily against the walls of the cavernous room.

Gamge silently stood where he was, watching her.

Hamne gritted her teeth staring at the wall as the entire room tried to sway back and forth.

“That I would become a seek?” She said much more quietly.

“You could live forever.” <- Gamge.

The sick feeling in her stomach gurgled up and started throbbing in her temples. Silence stretched out between them.

“No, I don’t want to die.” She finally gasped out.

 The floor started dangerously tilting to one side. Blindly she caught herself on the wall with her arm. Standing there she stared strait ahead, not really seeing anything. Looking down she coughed as a vile taste filled her mouth.

>

< She took a breath, “When I was little, all I ever wanted was to die... ”

...

<“I was afraid to live.” She took a breath. “When I looked into that well, I only saw my death.” She couldn’t stop trembling. She remembered that cold empty feeling she had had as she gazed into the placid water at her dead tranquil face. had reflected at her on the water, freed from the loneliness, the sadness... the darkness. She tried clenching her hand against the stone to make it stop shaking but the trembling was coming from every aching mussel in her body. Her hole body felt so heavy. Like she could just slump against the wall, close her eyes and fall asleep. “It was because I was a cowered.”  She hissed. “I couldn’t face the future.” 
“But now that I started to live, I don’t want to die.

<I’m not Hethori’s daughter. Hethori is dead>

<My father was a good man> (Sir Hiro Kezaigi)

>

>She is laying on her back. Sr. Kezaigi (her great uncle) is standing over her. 

“Sir Keza-igi?” (she is surprised to see him) she starts to shutter and cough and blood is running down her nose and out her ears. She smiles up at him, a spark of hope in her heart. “I’m Chiilg-” She starts coughing and rasping. she had tried saying her fairy name in fairy but her voice couldn’t go that high right then. “Chiilgi,” She said slower and lower, “Hamne Kezaigi, Sir Hiro Kezaigi’s daughter.”

Sir Kezaigi silently stares down at her. She is vaguely aware of someone identifying her as the changeling who had been trying to join their tower.

Her face becomes very serious and she starts looking a round for where Bulgir had landed.

Pointing to where Bulgir had flown she says, “The sword,” “The sword, -Hethori’s.”  “ -have, to hurry. The sword, it has all the souls of every life it ever took. (gasp?) Even two of the Vyfbroeru are trapped in it.” “It’s name is Bulgir, Bulthir’s twin.” (she starts talking about Bulthir, the swords twin and how it had been her father's, but Hethori hid it in fear, but then her father’s ghost told her where it was. She then remembers why she was talking about Bulgir) “Bulgir has taken the souls of every life he has ever- .” looking up at Sir Kezaigi. “If you stab me, he’ll take lord Hethorgi’s soul too.” Sir Kezaigi just stands there. She cant really see him well, her eyes are all glazed over. All she really sees is his boots. She smiles, “and you can finally fulfill your blood oath - to kill all of lord Hethori’s descendants,” she mutters, “to stop him from-” ... “And I’ll finally be free.” she lets her head drift to the side, smiling, and her eyes close. “And see my dad again, and get to know him - and speak to hm- .” She can’t say any thing more because her throat has filled with blood and she can’t breath. The ringing had returned to her ears.

Feet shuffled around her in a hazy slowness. It was as if her time was slowing, winding down like a clock before it finally dies. She was aware of a dark glint hovering above her somewhere. The glint silently and gracefully streaked down like smeared oil. She briefly felt it press against her cloths before slicing them and then sliding itself deep in her stomach. At first she couldn’t really feel any pain, just that there was something through her stomach. Then the spot where the blade was protruding got very hot and her insides felt like ice. (Tingling brakes out all over her body, it feels like the blade is sucking up her life force. She is in extreme pain. She arches her head back and opens her mouth to scream but nothing comes out but gargles and blood. Sir Kezaigi pules out the blade now and as it leaves it feels like it is ripping something away from her.)

Then Hamne felt very light, like she was pleasantly drifting up and away.

Sir Kezaigi briefly looked at the murky mass steaming and pulsating around the bloody blade. It had a sinister presence about it. He whisked the blade point up in front of him and said in a deep resounding voice, “Bulthir-excerci!”

A brilliant light shot up from Bulthir enveloping the darkness in it’s blade.Hethori gave one last bone shaking shriek before Bulthir ripped him away from the physical world to be flung to hell.

All the other knights were already clustered around the girl trying to stop her bleeding. Shio had his hands pressed against the open wound on her stomach, closing it, while Gailithe had his on her chest trying to heal what went on in her lungs so she could breath. His brother, Gail-yu, knelt by her watching his brother as he held his side (he’s injured). Tetsu had her head in his lap with his hands on her ears. He had a concerned look on his face as he concentrated on healing the destruction done to her ears and sinuses. The black blade, Bulgir, still lay where it had been flung earlier, glowing darkly. Bulthir thrummed warmly in Kezaigi’s hand, shimming with a pleasant light.

“It looks like the seek had tried to get out by killing the girl from the inside.”

Kezaigi looked over at Sir Gamtsuhiro beside him. The paladin had his arms crossed over his chest, bleakly watching the other knights heal Hamne.

“She has the ancient righting tattooed over her entire body.” he said inclining his head at the girl.

Kezaigi moved his eyes back over to Hamne. Gamtsuhiro had a strange ability to see magic. He could see the invisible writing of magical traps and spells scrawled on dungeon walls and stone, but unfortunately could only see shapes and shadows of people and things of the visible world.

“It looks fairyish...” Gamtsuhiro continued, “They must have found her with Hethori in her body and tried to seal him away.” He paused, “So... she really is Hethori’s daughter...?”

Sir Kezaigi didn’t take his gaze away from Hamne. “No.” he said. “She isn’t Hethori’s. She’s Sir Hiro Kezaigi’s.”

Hamne vaguely felt that her body was there, but yet, that she somehow was observing it from the outside and not really apart of it anymore. The pain and twitching she felt was being experienced by someone els. She remembered thinking this was weird before pleasantly drifting away from the idea. She felt her body be lifted up and slowly start floating along like a cloud in a sunny breeze - going somewhere, she didn’t know where, but didn’t care. And then everything quietly slipped away.


< the nightmare where she cries out “not my body! not my body” >

She felt like she was rippling through a glorious lake of light - except the lake was made of air. She could feel it warmly caressing under her hands and around her body. She happily floated there when all of a sudden, she was quite aware of the embarrassing fact that she was naked. Fairies quickly sped up to her and started sympathetically stroking her face and chattering sporadically. She couldn’t understand a word they were saying, they were speaking so fast. One white fairy hovered up next to her and put her hand on her chest. Her fingers were ice cold practically burning her skin. The fairy started rubbing her little hand up and down and all around. Hamne tried to tell the fairy to stop but she couldn’t speak. She tried to move but she could only lay there. Then a beautiful woman flowed up beside her. The moment the woman looked down at her and smiled Hamne tried to cry out, but she couldn’t speak. It was her mom. She looked just like the picture in the locket. Beautiful and radiant. Her mom smiled at her happily and gracefully knelt down beside her. Her flowing white dress rippled over her body warmly and covered her. Smiling she bent over her and said in a soft motherly voice, “Hamne.” Hamne tried to speak but couldn’t. Her mother got a sweet, concerned look on her face and said, “Hamne. Sweetie, are you all right?”

Hamne couldn’t so much as open her mouth. All she could do was stare at her mom wistfully. The fairy with the cold hands was now holding a block of ice and sliding it around on her chest while the other fairies argued about how to brush her hair with their fingers and pulled on knots.

“Hamne?” Her mother leaned forward and cupped her chin in her hands. They were worm and relaxing. She smiled up at her and she beamed back down.

“Hamne, I’m so proud, I love you so much.”

Hamne opined her mouth to say ‘I love you’ back but no words came out.

Her mother started caressing her cheeks with her thumbs as she held her face.

“Hamne, I love you.”

“Mom.”

A beautiful smile broke out on her mothers face as she gazed down at her.

“Hamne.”

 Her mother’s grip seemed to tighten a bit. And her body seemed to be getting heavier.

“Mommy...”

“Hamne?”

Hamne’s eyes fluttered open.

*Note: lol, I wrote this when I was 15. You can tell I had been watching a lot of anime. 