#Introduction

Flame is probably one of the most dangerous planets in all of Sphiron (besides Bile); And one of the most cursed. It is a beautiful planet of orange-yellowish fluffy clouds as far as the eye can see.

>chaosPic>

The dead, Oni and Esper, and once upon a time the Toru, inhabit Chaos.

##Description

Flame can be divided into five major spheres (or layers): The top most sphere is the Exosphere, with the thermosphere right after. Directly under that is the mesosphere, the sphere that contains deadly clouds of gas with ammonium hydrosulfide, ammonia crystals and frozen water vapor. The clouds completely cover the sky and shields Flame from the harsh blaze of its sun. The mesosphere is also Chaos’s coldest sphere.

Now, the stratosphere is where it starts getting interesting. It is divided into five layers all of which contain breathable air and the flying islands. Starting from the top, the last two layers closest to the noxious clouds of the mesosphere are very cold and has little to no islands. In fact the closer you get to the mesosphere, the scarcer the large floating rocks become. The layer under that (the third one) contains some of the most and largest islands, is fairly cool and is where most of the agriculture is grown. The people who live in this layer live in fixed dwellings and produce large cities.

In the next layer of the stratosphere the islands are smaller and are spread farther apart. It is also wormer in those parts, getting quite hot in the summer.

The last layer is very hot and contains very few large islands, especially as you travel down near the top of the troposphere. The people living there are nomadic, mainly living in groups - or in bands if they live higher up in the layer.

>flyLarPic>

Finally, the last sphere is the troposphere. This sphere contains poisonous clouds as well, but unlike the frothy orangish-yellow clouds of the mesosphere, these clouds are red in comparison. The red clouds completely block out any light that was able to shine through the mesosphere. In this sphere the winds constantly blow and can reach well over 100 M/h. It is also extremely hot there do to its extreme pressure. The troposphere contains the largest flying rocks in all of Chaos - which hurl in its relentless winds. The surface of Chaos is said to look like hell, with small lakes of sulfuric acid.

>layerPic>


##Rings
Flame has some rather small, insignificant rings. These rings are dark, containing dust and some rather large debris then what is usual for rings. It is yet to be determined wether or not the shepherds of Chaos’s rings can be called actual moons, or if their nothing but glorified hunks of rock. In the past, Flame had three beautiful ice moons who guarded the three major divisions in the rings. During the apocalypse, all the moons got whacked sending two of them crashing into Chaos. The farthest moon got whacked into an other orbit but was saved. When the moons got whacked, it sent ice particles out into space, forming three, very thin, shimmering ringlets.

>ringPic>

>moonPic, inline, right> As for Chaos’s lone surviving ice moon- she lies shattered and dust streaked in an orbit much closer to Chaos, shepherding the largest division in its rings. The impact took a chunk out of her and completely spun her around.

Chaos also has an islet-belt hidden up in the mesosphere, which parallels Chaos’s rings. An islet-belt is a ring that incircles the planet within its atmosphere. Other planets that have islet-belts are Earth and Sea.

##Geographic Regions

Well, Flame doesn’t really have any geographic regions since it’s pretty much just made up of clouds and flying rock (the surface of the planet doesn’t count - there’s nothing there anyways). There are some interesting things to do with the North and South vortex in the clouds though - plus the sheets of flying islands are fixed in orbits and can be mapped out seasonally - so I guess I’ll go into that here...

We won’t start with the flying islands because (1.) knowing me I’ll go on - and on - and on about them, (2.) I’ll go into way to much detail, and (3.) describing the vortexes will take a shorter paragraph and less graphics.

>roPicNth>

Okay, if you’ve read any of my other descriptions about my worlds that just so happen to be covered by thick clouds, then you know all about this phenomenon. The winds in the mesosphere blowing around the planet pushes the clouds causing them to rotate like a spiral around Chaos’s poles.

>vorPicNth>

This picture is of Chaoses Nth vortex with the mesosphere and flying islands removed for visuality. The winds in the troposphere are so strong it causes a vortex to indent in the clouds. This area is very dangerous, since things that get to close tend to get sucked into it. -see, wasn’t that short... comparatively.

>roFlyPic>

Now it’s time to go into the system of flying islands on Flame.

