
#Ahmo Oonai & the Goatboy, a Zezferonian legend

Also known by: The Dance of the Wolf with the Snow, The 'Journey' of the Snow Wolf.

-A story of the birth of the Rakakoonai.


Vaal Oonai Baralai struggled a bit as he climbed the winding rabbit trail up the steep slope. Rocks and pebbles skittered down hill as he balanced the bleating calf on his shoulders. He really hated these smelly animals. Large stones and boulders were scattered around on either side of the path (sort of).

Cresting the top he stopped and looked down the windy slope. Smoke rose from the tops of skin covered yurts situated in the grass around a large central house made of mud and clay. A few camp fires scattered around the yurts faintly smoldered. Their columns of smoke rose up to meet the bleak, foreboding sky.

Bleating, the calf reproachfully kicked him in the ribs. Stumbling a bit to one side he coughed and grabbed hold of a few dead branches of a dead looking tree.

He really hated this animal. Vaguely he wondered if there was a better way to carry it. It was very different from the small goats he had had on the mountain.

Eyeing the rocky path in front of him he was tempted to just throw the calf down the hill.


The wind rolled over the tall golden grass like the waves of the sea.
Limping Vaal slowed his pace as he drew near the Oonai camp. He was covered in dust from head to toe and in places his leather pants were ripped. The stupid calf had kick him while he was going down the hill sending him tumbling head over heals to the bottom. At least he had managed to keep the thing from harm.

Faint bawling and mooing joined the calf's silly bleats as he stepped out of the taller of the tall grass. The grass was clipped short by the Oonai cattle here in the planes. He felt oddly exposed and swallowed up in its vastness. The herd could just be seen on the other side of the camp slowly rolling across the land like a black smoldering cloud.

The camp sat motionless and silent. A cold wind slapped the proud Oonai banners against their long poles and pulled the chaff and dust across the dirt in curling clouds. The place would have looked practically deserted if it weren't for the sputtering fingers of smoke twisting from the tops of the yurts.

Some movement caught his eye from the far side of the village.
Two Oonai warriors were casually leaning against the frames of a yurt at the edge of the camp. One was menacingly fiddling with the string of his black longbow while the other had his arms crossed over his wooden scale armor. Both were coldly watching him as he limped across the field. He could feel the back of his neck begin to prickle as they simultaneously pushed off the sides of the yurts and started striding toward him.

Carefully Vaal slowed to a stop. The warriors continued toward him watching his every move. Bending down he peeled the calf off his sweaty shoulders and placed it on the ground. Leaning on his knees he pressed his forehead onto the moist soil, a sign of submission, that he meant them no harm.

Quickly the warrior with the bow sprinted foreword and grab hold of the calf under its chin as it staggered up to try and run away.

"Flew! Look!" he said as the other warrior caught up. "Its the calf Kaykai lost last night!" He grabbed hold of it's scruff to keep it from twisting away. "We thought we lost this little one to the 'Wolves'."

The other warrior quickly leaned down and caught Vaal by the shoulders, "Stand up brother!" he said pulling him to his feet. This warrior's white hair was puled back into a war ponytail and closely cut on either side of his head. Curiously he looked down into Vaal’s face, "And may I ask this brave his name?" There was a spark in his golden eyes as if he was shearing some kind of privet joke.

"I am Oonai Baralai." Vaal said simply.

A huge grin spread up over the warrior's face, "Well then Baralai," he said, "you must come with us to throw you a feast at the great hall! And if Hakek wont take you," he added with a sly grin, "then you must come with us and feast at my yurt!"
Merrily he slapped Vaal on the back sending a plume of dust into the air and knocking the wind out of him.

"Thanks." Vaal coughed.

"You know Flew," the warrior holding the kicking calf drawled, "we can't take him dressed like that. He looks like some kind of poaching scamp from the hills." The hair on both sides of this warrior's head was closely cropped as well, but instead of a ponytail he had a long braid going down the middle of his back.

Both Vaal and the other warrior looked down at his clothes.

"Aw, you're right! He does look like trash, doesn't he." The warrior started whacking dust off Vaal's clothes with his hand. "Here's what we'll do," he said, "you'll lend him those gray bullhide pants of yours and I'll lend him my good moccasins."

"I will?"

"Yes, you will. Oh," the warrior turned to Vaal, "and if you decide to go and run off with our stuff, we'll hunt you down."

"Yah." the younger warrior with the calf chipped in, "And then we'll kill you."

Taking his hand off Vaal's shoulder the older warrior continued, "By the way, I'm Felleu. And this is my brother, Vess." He motioned with his hand to the younger warrior with the calf.

"I'm Vaal."

"Nice to meet you." Felleu grinned.

##The rest of the story

Vaall is actually the nephew of the Rakak (Woulf) Chief up in the mountains. His is dieing, and the elders have chosen Vaal to replace him. But before he can he must find a wife. There are no woman in his village that he can marry according to their laws. That's why he went to the feuding village down the mountain in the hills; the Oonai Clan (Snow). He has had his eye on the Oonai Chief's daughter, and has a plan to unite the two clans.

After Felleu invites Vaal into the village they hold a feast for him in the chief's yurt. Ahmo, the cheif's daughter, recognizes him as the Rakak warrior who shot the old dire wolf that had been stalking her as she carried water back from the mountain stream. But she keeps her peace, and doesn't tell anyone.

After a while he convenes her to run off with him to the Rakak village that he is from.

On the way she gets cold feet and he has to carry her all the way there (affectively kidnapping her). 

The Oonai village comes up the mountain in search for Ahmo, disturbing, luting and killing the Rakak families spread out along the mountainside. In response Vaal, (because he is the pree-chief), gathers the warriors (all the men) to chaise out the Oonai.

One of the Oonai recognizes Vaal and captures him. He is beaten and tortured back at the Oonai. He is about to be executed when Ahmo runs up and throes herself on top of him. She tells them that he didn't drag here away from the village, but she chose to come with him, and that if they kill him they should kill her with him for being a disobedient daughter.

The Oonai chief relinquishes but he will not let then marry as long as Vaal is a Rakak, but Vaal refuses to drop his name and become an Oonai. Instead he attempts to convince them to join the Rakak and Oonai families together.

Vaal goes back and tries to convince the Rakak to become the Rakakoonai (the Snow Wolf) But many of the Rakak families refuse and move to the other side of the mountain to prevent wars. Same with some of the Oonai, they moved farther south to start their own clan.

With his new bride, Vaal (who's real name is Vaallah-hi, the peace bringer) brought peace to the land.
