
1. The Story of Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah's Battle Against the Seven Mortals and Seven Spirits.

2. Malachi's Dreams Concerning Horafrost's Awakening. The Dreams are Called 'Frez-Zet-Oonai' (the Prophesy of Ash and Snow).


#The Story of Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah's Battle Against the Six Mortals and the Seven Spirits.

Told by the spirit, Little Statue, as he remembers it:

"Long ago, when Zezpheron was it's own land, before the Shio took it over and the Valah drove them out to claim you, there was a powerful demon called Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah.
Indeed Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah lived far behind the Zeh-Shio-Zeh mountains, locked behind the gaits of Gatavish, but his terror breathed in the air and distilled in every persons spirit, for his followers began to be restless and wished for his power, and so he started to stir from his lair and the seven seals began to crack.

Oh! The gates of Getevish! The gates of Getevish cry out in anguish!, but her streets are silent. She has disappeared from the planes of Shio and is no more, she has been wiped clean from the memories of all the peoples of Earth, in an ocean of ash and snow she has disappeared. In the streets of Getevish the awah-ha plant still blooms red; because of her sins, because of her blatant rebellion against the Oo-Veshpheron, because they called on the one whose name is Apocalypse.


 The fear of him blew from Shio over Zezpheron and all up the Valarha, down the coasts of Ahoaw, Eiah and even all the way up to the planes of Sun-Stand-Still to the beast people, all over the land the terror of him condensed in the very veins of every being.
Like a raging storm of ice he froze the hearts of those in his path and choked the breath out of entire cites with a rain of ash, all those who opposed him watered their fields with their own blood.

Over the mountains Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah's clouds spread like claws to claim Zezpheron. Oh! How Zezpheron trembled, and even the sun hid her face from you, Zezpheron, in a vail of ash she covered her face.

In the wake of Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah no being dared to stand. Every spirit's resolve melted like wax in the heat of their fear in the wake of Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah. In the wake of him no being dared to stand: except the seven.
In all of Shio only six mortals stood, in all of Zezpheron only six had stood, of all the territory of the Valarha, in all of Ahoaw and Eiah and Awawa and Shalah and in all the rest of the coast lands only six stood, only six in all the lands of Sea stood against Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah. On the mountains of Zeh-Shio-Zeh these six stood completely alone, and these six were men who called on Pheron-Ie-Pheron, the Highest of Highs, they called on Him.
Listen to what I say.
They called on the name of Oo-Veshpheron- the One God -the God of all, the God of the living they called on, for they belonged to Pheron-Ie-Pheron, Oo-Veshpheron- the haighest spirit -the Kir of all the universe, the Kir of kir's they called on; they were not afraid, for every thing is His and nothing happens without Him.
On Him they called and them He heard.

Then there were seven more!
Six and seven stood. Six of flesh and seven of air, they stood for they trusted Him and were not afraid. 
Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah could not stand against the six frail and the seven little who stood on that mountain, for nothing can stand against Oo-Veshpheron. Indeed he was waring against Pheron-Ie-Pheron, for he was waring against all the 13 and they belonged to the Lord.

Enraged he swept up to the mountain in an ice wind. With fire spewing from his mouth he came up to them. With all six weapons raised he came, but could not reach them.
In his left hands he held his two swords, Frost's-Bone-Biter, the White-Despair, and his axe the Bitter-Wind, he held them up to smite the 13. With his right arms flung far back he carried the Black-Flesh-eater, the Suffocating-Breath, his axes, and his sword the Eroding-Flames. But before he could do anything the Seven spirits whisked the Six mortals up and took them away from him to a mountain in Shio, away from Zezpheron to the mountain next to Getevish.

Turning his face back to Shio the demon leapt from Zeh-Shio-Zeh back toward Getevish. In a cloud of noxious gas and smoke he flew through the air to were the 13 waited, choking what was left of the land as he went. Indeed, Shio is still nothing but a barren wasteland of wind and ice to this day.
Sweeping up the mountain he confronted the 13 with a rain of blows. From within the cloud of bellowing smoke his blades flashed to destroy the 13. With noxious fumes and smoke poring from his mouth and nostrils he heavily assaulted them.

Though Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah's swirling darkness covered the entire mountain the six and seven stood fast and warded off his merciless assault, attacking him with even greater force, because Pheron-Ie-Pheron was with them. 
Finally, as the sun touched the Westes they beat him into the face of the mountain, crushing him in a prison of stone. Here the 13 sealed him in the belly of the mountain. The seven were posted as guards, but the rising sun of the seventh day sadly saw that the six were no more.
So they called the mountain Frez-Zet-Oonai, because it is prophesied that one day the prison of Ash and Snow will be destroyed forever, and his terror will be blown from shore to shore once again.

This is the story of Zet-Oonaipheron-eh-Frez-Zet-Awah (who is now called Apocalypse), of Shio who worshiped him and of the Six and Seven who were faithful to Kir-Veshpheron.
This is a story of those who worship demons-the false gods, fore those who run after power run to their death, but those of a meek and humble spirit will be saved.


#Malachi's Dreams Concerning Apocalypse's Awakening.
The Dreams are Called 'Frez-Zet-Oonai' (the Prophesy of Ash and Snow).
From the inscription on the walls of Mahei:

"My brothers, hear my voice! For our time is at hand, when the title 'sorcerer' will be acquainted with as much fear as 'kir'! (lord), for I have had another 'dream'. Turn both your ears fully toward me and listen to what I have to say:

"I dreamt that I was standing on a smoking mountain in the middle of an ice wasteland, guarded by seven great spirits and seven paladins. All were solemnly standing in a ring around the mountain's base, but the seventh paladin had not yet come and they were waiting for him; so there was a gap in the line. 

"Then the mountain started shaking furiously so I looked down and behold my spirit nearly leapt out of my body for there was a terrifying demon sleeping there in the belly of the mountain and he was turning over in his sleep. He was in the form of a huge monster with a red crustacean's head and he was almost as big as the mountain itself. Smoke and noxious fumes curled up from his nostrils as he slept there. Six arms all holding massive swords and axes rested on his chest while at his base ten, long, crab-like legs extended, ending in sharp, deadly, white spikes.
He was surrounded by seven walls, with a gate and a seven-pronged seal in each gate of every wall, so there were seven gates and seals in all; but the seventh seal was inactive so that door was not locked. A massive pictogram connected to the seven seals was inlaid in the floor under his feet.

"After the rumbling stopped I looked up and saw that the sun was quickly speeding over the sky as if racing for the horizon. Then, as I watched, many white vultures came flying out of the sun and started pecking and harassing the 13 guardians present; but the last vulture flew off over the large expanse of barren wasteland to the south-east in search of the last paladin, for he was not there.

"Then as I watched, a great flock of three eyed ravens came over the mountains and started dropping seed on the land which then grew up into fruit bearing plants.
The vultures harassing the seven spirits stopped and looked up and behold they saw the ravens and that the seed they had scattered was bearing fruit. But the fruit became infected with worms and fell to the ground. Then, turning, one of the vultures said to the others with him 'Come! Let us fill ourselves with these delights before the sun goes down on us, for it is surely near,' swooping down the white vultures devoured all the fruit and swallowed all the ravens until they became fat to the bursting.

"When they saw that they had become fat and could hold no more they became overpowered by their food and threw it up, but instead of food, out of their mouths came a horrible atrocity, a twisted thing that in turn rose up and devoured the ones from whom' mouth it had sprung. Swirling up it rushed toward the seven and started devouring them; But out of the sky swooped another spirit that was not with the seven. He swooped down in the midst of the atrocity and rescued from it a golden box, and in this box was an egg. The spirit took this box and fled with it to the mountains in the south to hide it there.
"Seeing that there was nothing left to eat the horrible thing started to boil and expand in the likeness of a tall column; and it spread out over the entire land to eat it. But the spirit who had had the box came back and fought it and held it back so as to let the egg hatch.

"Then my vision changed and I saw that the egg was hatching. Out of the box came a little white dragon, as white as the clouds and foam on the sea. In his mouth he held a star, just a fragment of light, which illuminated the cave he was in. Around him was dancing a red fox who was singing a song only the dragon could hear.
"Then I was back to myself on the mountain and saw that the spirit had left the fight and that the thing was trying to swallow the entire world; but a star was walking down the mountain from the east, and he held in his hand a great sword to confront the atrocity.

"And while I was standing there marveling at what this all could mean, a man suddenly appeared standing next to me. He asked me 'What do you see?' so I looked and saw that the sun was set and that it was night and the man was left to fight the atrocity alown. So I said, "The light has set on the world and darkness has won!"
Then he said, 'May you never see.' and disappeared.

"Thus the end of my vision."

