#Introduction
The planet of light!
Effulgence has the most glorious rings of all the ringed planets. They are made mostly of pure water ice and are extremely reflective.

>effulPic>

Like Night, Effulgence is tilted on its side, but this planet isn’t called the double spinning planet for no reason. Floating in its troposphere is a layer of flying islands and cliffs that completely cover the planet like a second skin. And if you didn’t think that this was incredible enough, this “skin” spins horizontally to the rest of the planet! Think about it! The planet itself spins vertically to it’s orbit, but because of the “skins” horizontal movement the inhabitance are able to enjoy a 24h day! -(its magic-okay. just go with it)

>pic, right>

Sprites, Ent, Dweor-Elves, and Drow inhabit the world of light.

##Description

Effulgence is a pretty cool planet, and probably one of my favorites. The net thing about this planet is that it spins in such a way that its poles face the sun instead of its equator, like on our planet. So if you’re standing on the surface of Effulgence, lets say, on the N side (and you remove the flying islands) you’ll get ruffly 182 days of sunlight while the other side of the planet will have 182 days of night. Then once the planet makes its way around to the other side of the sun, the S side would be facing the light. So now the S side will be getting 182 days of light and you’ll get around 182 days of night. Pretty net huh?

The surface of Effulgence gets little light, and is nothing more but a frozen waist land. That’s because the sheet of flying-islands blocks out a lot of the light. Because of how the flying-island sheet rotates around the planet, The only livable place on the surface is the equator. There is a lot of under ground magma activity in that region, causing many geysers and steam clouds as well as hot-springs.
You might be asking, ‘What the heck could lives on this planet?’ Well, the answer to that is- nothing really. Okay, nothing on the surface really. There are the ice fairies and stuff; and the dwarves and drow that live below the surface; but, you see, you’re forgetting about the flying-island sheet. It floats around Effulgence like a second skin blocking out most of the light remember? Well, that’s where most every thing lives - and what we’re going to be talking about next. Aren’t you excited?

##The Flying Islands
The sheet of flying islands around Effulgence’s surface is probably one of it coolest features. This sheet floats around the surface like a second skin within the troposphere fairly close to its surface.

>effulRotationPic>


##Geographic Regions
