#Fairy Fairytales

##The Bronze Mirror
There was once a beautiful Princess born to a good king and queen. They rejoiced much for this was their first daughter. But, on the day of the babes presentation a witch appeared in the great hall and cursed the beautiful baby saying,

“Ah, flawless skin
Smooth or’ face shine,
With fluttering lashes
Eyes so sweet, divine,
And most perfect lips
That ever sweet murmurs spoke,
If this reflected thine eyes ever behold
Disappear! Disappear in puff of smoke.”

After that the witch disappeared in a flash of light. In despair the good king and queen built a tall tower out of an old oak tree to place their daughter in, removing any reflective thing they could find in her new living space. The door to the tower was placed close to the ground and hidden from the inside. Every window was barred from top to bottom to keep the girl from wondering off and accidentally seeing her reflection in a mirror. Thus the Princess grew up with her parents, their servants and their thralls, never knowing her own face. One day as she was fluttering up by one of her tall windows in her room, the princess happened to see a young man flying around -rather close to her tower- on the palace grounds. This young man was a visiting prince related to the family. There were lots of roomers circulating around the tower and why it was erected. He wanted to see it himself. Curiously the prince flew up to the princesses window and asked who she was. The princess told him. Surprised he asked her why her parents had locked her in the tower. The princess was silent for she had no answer. Finally she told him she didn’t know.

*The princess becomes discontent, thinking that her parents are keeping her prisoner for some unjust reason.

*The prince, enchanted by her, convinces her to sneak out.

*They fly off on his black crow.

*On entering the prince’s privet palace she catches sight of her face in a bronze reflector on the wall and says, “Oh! what an ugly nose!” before disappearing in a puff of smoke.

>

##A Beauty That Will Fade Away
There once was a beautiful Princess born to a wealthy king and queen. On the day of her birth, the king and queen took their beautiful baby to a bone-woman to discern her fortune. When the bone-woman threw her knuckles, and read the meaning of their jumble, she immediately threw herself on the table weeping. The king and queen, with much fear rising in their hearts, asked the women what she had seen. Weeping, the old women threw up her arms and cried out, “Alas! Alas! My good king! For your daughter’s beauty is destined to one day shrivel up into nothing and she shall become as ugly as an old women!”

Quite mortified, the king and queen went back home to their palace. All as she was growing up her parents fussed over and 

*The king and queen, in order to lessen the blow of her eventual fate, continually emphasize the importance of inner beauty apposed to outer; teaching her not to care about fashion or ‘appearances’ but focus on good conduct and a cheerful heart.

*At first, as she grows older, she is scorned for her plainness, (even though she is naturally beautiful), because she refuses to follow the latest fashions; but as she grows even older the people start to praise her for her benevolence, especially to the poor and sick (who were considered gross and ugly).

*Her parents die in the prime of her life and her little brother inherits the kingdom.

*She continues to help the poor till her old age, where her beauty fades naturally.

*She has had many children at this point. At last she catches a disease from one of her patients and dies happy at a ripe old age.

>

##The Ghost in the Mirror
Once there was a beautiful maiden who was said to be the most beautiful of them all. Every night, as she brushed her hair she would look in her mirror and say, “You are more beautiful then any maiden that ever lived or ever will.” For years she would look in her mirror and say, “You are the most beautiful,” over and over again as she brushed her hair. One day she sat down in front of her mirror and said, “Oh!” fingering a gray hair. Her reflection’s face fell in total horror shrieking “You’re ruining me!” Grabbing the maiden, the maiden’s reflection strangled her to death. Now, sometimes when a young girl sits to long in front of her mirror admiring herself too ling, the beautiful ghost maiden’s reflection will appear shrieking “I’m the most beautiful! More beautiful then you all!”

>

##Maiden in the Mirror
Once there was a maiden who sealed her reflection in a mirror so that her beauty would never fade. The reflection warned her that she must never look in a mirror now, or her happiness would forever be taken away. The maiden happily flew away, thinking she would never have to think of appearances again. The next week the maiden quite thoughtlessly sat down in front of her bedroom mirror to prepare for that years exciting spring ball. To her shock, the mirror was empty. The maiden quickly flew out of her hallow into her sister’s and looked into her sister’s mirror. Giving a shriek she saw that that mirror was empty too. Desperately she flew out into town looking into all the store mirrors and reflectors but every one was blank, only reflecting her background. Frantically the weeping maiden flew to her room and grabbed the mirror with her reflection screaming, “Where am I! Where am I!” But her reflection with a sad, sweet smile just remorsefully shook her head.

>

##Forever Young
Long ago there was a happy women with a pretty face. One day as she was out fluttering about in her front garden, a traveling salesman politely flew up to her woven fence with his cart. 

“Good morning fair maiden.” The man said taking off his cap and giving a bow. “May I interest you in some of my wares?”

“Oh, I don’t know.” the women laughed. “My husband has flown away to market with the barter-bag and shall not be back for a while. I have nothing to trade you with.”

“Then there is no harm in just looking.” the man said clipping his cart to her weave.

The woman hovered over and watched as the man unfolded his cart. First he showed her his eyedrops. Laughing the woman said, “I am in no need for such a thing; for my eyes naturally sparkle from the joy that comes from keeping my children.” Next the man showed her his powder from red rose petals. Again the lady laughed saying, “My cheeks are naturally red and marry from laughing so much with my husband. No face powder for me!” Smiling and nodding the man put the red powder down and next showed her black dye ground from beetle husks. Hesitating a bit the women said, “Silver hair and lashes is no shame, but is like reflected starlight, and shows your wisdom.”

“Very true.” the man said smiling and nodding as he put it back. “And how about this?” he asks motioning towards the back of his cart.

Looking the women’s eye brows shot up as she exclaimed, “A mirror?” Laughing she says “And how do you expect such folk as us to afford something so fancy as that?”

“Ah, but this is no mere mirror.” the seller said smiling. “This is a magic mirror. Once you look into its magical surface, your face will be etched in time and forever remain unchanged in its reflection.”

“Really?” the women asked doubtfully looking over at the mirror. “It won’t turn me into a ghost?”

The seller laughed saying, “No, no no no. This will do no such thing. Come over and see.”

The women hesitantly hovered over to where the mirror rested and tentatively peered into its reflector. The mirror’s surface was like nothing she had ever seen! The women’s eyes grew larger as she drew closer. It was amazing! Most reflectors were made of polished silver or bronze. But this reflector looked like it was made of glass! It reflected her face so clearly it looked almost like she was looking at a real person.

Fretting a bit the women twiddled her fingers and asked, “What do you want for it?”

The seller and women haggled over it for a bit before they could settle on a trade. Feeling a bit guilty for buying something behind her husband’s back, the women hid her mirror in her trunk at the foot of her bed.

Every year on her birthday the women would secretly check in her mirror to see if the magic was true; and every time she looked at her reflection she would say, “Good, I’m still beautiful.” Years passed and the women was blessed with many children. Her children grew up and she and her husband became a happy elderly couple. The women’s hair turned gray and her skin now sagged with wrinkles. Every year the old women would still sneak to her trunk. Lifting the lid she would look into the reflector at her pretty, young face, unchanged from the first time she had ever looked into its shiny surface. “Good,” she would say in an old scratchy voice, “I’m still beautiful.”

>